And now that we're back in our age you know like I said before we would want to do here instead of theme.
When I say we're here customer I'm going to see the reviews.
And let's maybe scroll up and let's actually check whether all of them are correct.
Right over here this is going to be teams is going to be numbers that are going out.
Portfolio services.
How about skills.
Right.
So looks like they're on Match and the last section or here.
We're going to build is going to be our contact section.
So what we're going to do here we're going to have a contact.
So here we are saying this is going to be a comment and this is going to be contact form and then we
have this.
So like the whole line.
Copy and paste on and off contact form.
Then over here we're going to have a section I'm going to say section then we're going to have an idea
of contact here contact pro-stem or here.
Now we have a section that we would want a title so I'm going to grab all here.
I know this and I'm going to copy this one.
We're going to find words in the section over here to say this is going to be contact us.
I'm going right over here not customer reviews.
Contact us.
Then once we have this now we would want a contact center.
So we're here.
This is title and we're going to say over here contact right in your line contact.
We're going to say center center tab.
Now we have it then over here we're going to have a article and I'm going to say article and this is
going to be an ID of company.
So a hash tag company or here I be your company in.
Right this is going to be on the press time and I'll have the article and over here we're going to have
a few things.
And first of all we have a div with the class all here so we don't need to write the class.
I don't know why I'm writing it and we need to write.
I had some real info on here within this day we're going to have a few things.
So first of all going to have I don't know we're going to say this is going to be a half a and this
is going to be my map marker this press time no see or hear this slow doc.
And then over here we're going to say that this is going to be on here a paragraph and we're going to
say some street drive basically I'm just trying to say that and say this is going to be like 80 300
All right some street and drive.
Then after that we're going to have a phone.
Right.
So what would want to do here and this is going to be one value.
So one more here then is going to be the second one.
This is going to be the phone then we're going to have an envelope that we're going to have a clock.
So this is going to be over here for them.
So for us to have marker street drive then out here we're going to have a phone.
So the second one is going to be phone phone or here.
And I'm sorry not over there.
That's still going to be involved here this is going to be painful.
Do you want to.
Here's the phone.
So we're going to write phone on here and not map just a regular I have a phone.
So all we're here for the phone.
Let's actually get rid of this let's say that this is going to be I don't know one two three four five
six seven eight nine and we're here.
And then once we have all of them we're here right.
I mean pull next one is not going to be marker.
This is going to be and hope some would say envelope you know this and this is going to be let's say
e-mail or e-mail.
So going right over here e-mail over here.
This is going to be a at e mail dot com.
And then after that we're going to have Clark So I'm going to say here.
This is going to be a clock and this is going to be Clark.
I want to hear or hear over all right.
This is going to be 24/7.
So basically we're saying we're open 24/7 24 who are here.
And this is going to be let's say seven or heroes going to ride like this.
All right so now we have all this left right and you can see that this is a bit messed up right now
that we have left side.
Now it's make our right side.
So let's check what is going on to go ahead and let's create another one.
I'm going to say article or here will going right.
And this is going to be I.D. of course Stemmer on here in full press tab.
Now we have another article.
And once we have the article here let's create a form in this form element class and let's say that
this is going to be equal to form.
Again let's close this one out.
So now we have the form.
And over here we're going to say this is going to be put first time right so we have input text.
Yes that's correct.
And we'll have ID here this is going to be a name that we have a placeholder here we're going to read
and this is going to be name for the placeholder and or Herodes is going to copy and paste this can
maybe make this one a little bit smaller so it's easier for us.
Again let's select the line and this is going to be one two three four.
And then at the end of the form we're here we're going to place actually a button.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be hey we're here like this.
Right.
But still with an article saying ref this hashtag and then over here it in the link We're going to play.
And I have a half a all up on here.
Last time now we have the envelope and the text is going to be send a message like this.
Right now we have pretty much everything we just need to change some things around here.
Right.
So the second one or here is going to be made.
Third one is going to be a context for what is going to be text is going to be.
Now then this is going to be just all going to say subject subject then this is going to have an idea
of message and and here we're also going to do it the same way.
Right.
So I'm going to say a message then this is going to be subject subject and here we're going to see now
now that we're done with this I can actually go ahead and go to see assess and start styling this.